update docs for configuration_aliases (#27758)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/modules/develop/providers.html.md

following sections.

A module intended to be called by one or more other modules must not contain

> any `provider` blocks. A module containing its own provider configurations is

Reviewer: :tada: yess no more exceptions :dagger:

configuration can potentially have
[several different configurations for the same provider](/docs/language/providers/configuration.html#alias-multiple-provider-configurations).

> To declare multiple configuration names for a provider within a module, add the

Reviewer: To make this link-able, you could add a heading here.

}
```

The subdirectory `./tunnel` must then declare the configuration aliases for the

> provider to pass configurations with these names in its `providers` argument:

Reviewer 2: This is a somewhat awkward sentence (because it's a confusing concept), it looks a bit like the provider itself has to pass in configurations, 

Maybe something along the lines of:
```suggestion
provider so the calling module can pass configurations with these names in its `providers` argument:
```

Or from the old example "to declare that it requires its calling module" (I'm not even sure if it's required or nah!)

argument in the calling module block.
```

To make a module compatible with the new features, you must remove all of the

> `provider` blocks from its definition

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`provider` blocks from its definition.
```
